# cc-midterm

For the past two weeks, my goal was to balance functionality with aesthetics. In my previous projects, I feel as if many of them weren't very aesthetically pleasing and only maintained to use the functions of processing that we were required to. I actually did meet my initial expectations, to a much higher degree than I anticipated. I first worked on meeting the requirements for the project. I made basic animations, came up with a theme, and added sound to each key. Where I feel as if I went beyond to create an aesthetic is that I looked at other pictures of Greece and color pallets for inspiration. I added additional details to the water class and interactions between animations to add more to my program. If I wasn't sure on the aesthetics or how to build upon my current designs, I would ask friends for their input. Getting help from others helped highlight some gaps in my knowledge. It seems that I don't understand arrays and the sin function enough to integrate them into my code without getting a bit lost within my own program. Although my friends did help explain these concepts to me when I was struggling, I still find that I probably could not implement these features seamlessly without extra help. If I were to do this project differently, I may have gone with a different color palette. The one chose is beautiful, in theory, but it's very difficult to work with at such a large scale without seeming overwhelming. Additionally, I would like to add even more details to my classes, for a I had few ideas of making a reflection in the water droplet or angling the water so it seems as if it's crashing against the shore rather than filling the screen.
https://github.com/sofialarson/cc-midterm
